Score and replay - Grammar (#6527)
godotengine/godot-docs: getting_started/first_3d_game/08.score_and_replay.rst

The second line uses the value of the ``score`` variable to replace the
placeholder ``%s``. When using this feature, Godot automatically converts values

> to text, which is convenient to output text in labels or to use the ``print()``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to text, which is convenient when outputting text in labels or the ``print()``
```

Author: I agree that my initial correction doesn't work grammatically. I think your suggested change doesn't work either. What about this:
```suggestion
to text, which is convenient when outputting text in labels or when using the ``print()``
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah, that should be fine.

Reviewer 3: Does this mean this can now be merged?

Reviewer 2: No, the suggested changes weren't made, and by now this PR also needs to be rebased.
